Huh?
Which way does it go?
How does this work again?
It might tear if I keep messing with it.
Nao-kun!
Dinner's ready!
I'll be right there!
Damn it!
How is this supposed to fit?!
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
I Figured That's How You'd Ski, Senpai.
'Sup, Senpai!
Y-Yeah...
'Sup.
Hey, look...
Contact lenses!
Wow, you're switching to contacts?
N-No, well...
Are you trying for a glow-up?
Are you trying to stop being a
four-eyed dork and become a gigachad?
I-I'm not!
It's just that glasses get annoying,
so I figured I'd try contacts for a change.
Why don't you try them on, then?
Now.
Nah, I dunno...
Senpai.
So you bought them out of curiosity,
but you're too scared to put them in.
You squeamish, chickeney little boy.
You can't even put in contacts!
Poor you, Senpai.
Sh-Shush!
Oh, you.
All right, then.
I'll put them in for you.
Oops, my hand slipped!
I-I'll pass.
I'll try it myself someday.
Stop being such a wuss.
It'll be okay.
My brother used to not want
to put his contacts in either.
So I put them in for him once.
Huh.
Believe it or not, I'm a veteran.
She's right, though.
I'm never going to get them in by myself.
Well, could you, then?
Art Room
Okay, first, take off your glasses, please.
Gimme a sec.
L-Look at me, not getting flustered
over something like this.
Clear your mind...
Clear your mind, and...
Senpai, open your eyes, please.
Don't move, all right,
Senpai?
W-Wait, hang on!
Wait, please.
Hold on!
Why should I stop now?
Ready?
I'm putting it in.
It's in.
Don't say it like that.
What's wrong?
Are you crying, Senpai?
I-I'm not crying!
Okay, let's do the other side, then.
O-Okay.
All right, ready?
How are they?
Th-They're okay, I guess.
Actually, I never knew everything
could look so clear without frames.
You can't do your usual thing if
you're wearing contacts, though.
Usual thing?
Senpai, can I see your glasses?
Huh? S-Sure...
This thing.
You always do this when you're tense.
Huh?
Hang on, Senpai, are you getting
turned on by seeing me in glasses?
I-I'm not!
See? Look!
You're doing it!
You're definitely tense, Senpai.
I'm not!
See? You're doing it even
without your glasses!
No, I'm just...
Damn. I almost beat you, Hayacchi.
You weren't even close.
Amateur.
Which course should we do next?
Wow.
They came down via the black course.
Those popular-looking girls
are first-years, aren't they?
Meanwhile, we've been going
to ski camp for two years,
and we can barely do the beginner's course.
We're pathetic.
Don't say it.
Must be fun being able to ski so well.
Right?
Looks like no one can keep up
with me on this slope.
Senpai?!
Not bad, Senpai.
Especially coming from you.
This is nothing.
All right, let's race to the bottom!
Very well.
You okay?
Scary...
Wanna take a break?
It hasn't even been an hour yet.
Why don't we go a bit more?
Nah, we're hopeless,
no matter how much we practice.
Exactly.
Hey, here comes one of the popular girls.
Uh-oh.
Have you done something?
Dunno.
'Sup, Senpai?
'S-'Sup?
What?!
You know her?!
Y-Yeah, I guess.
Are you skiing with your friends?
N-Nah, we aren't really skiing much.
Mostly just chatting.
Wanna stop wasting time and come ski with me?
I-I guess I could.
Okay, I'm taking Senpai with me.
Sure, sure.
Hurry up, Senpai.
Hurry, hurry.
Nao-kun, no way...
Are you two going out?!
N-Naw...
Ew.
Senpai, don't tell me...
Did they think we're dating or something?
Wh—I-I 'unno.
"I-I 'unno," he says.
Gross!
Wow, the slope is so flat.
Beginner courses are way too easy for me.
But sure, I'll do it with you.
Why, thank you.
Come on, Senpai, let's go!
R-Right.
I-I can't stop!
Senpai!
Brake!
I figured that's how you'd ski, Senpai.
Of course it is!
You didn't think I could
actually ski, did you?
I mean, everyone's got
something they're good at.
I thought maybe you'd be a good skier.
No way!
Eh, you aren't worse than I expected.
Just gotta practice, Senpai.
Let's start with the basics.
O-Okay.
Angle your skis so you
can brake using the edge.
That's it.
That's the idea.
S-Sorry.
As expected.
Exactly as expected.
Come on.
You gotta get a move on.
Hayacchi spotted.
Hey!
Break a leg!
See you later.
So long!
Nao-kun, can you ski a little now?
No, not at all.
What are you doing?
You even had a private instructor.
You gotta do better.
I'm trying.
Oh, it's the night skiers.
Senpai!
You're coming night skiing, right?
I'm going to teach you good again.
You'd better be ready.
Nah...
My legs kinda hurt from all the skiing.
I'll pass on the night skiing.
Oh, really?
Oh, well, I guess.
I hope you get a bit stronger.
Later.
Y-Yeah.
Are you sure you wanna
blow off your private instructor?
What a waste.
It's fine.
Are you sure?
More popular girls!
Do you know them?
Y-Yeah, kinda.
You really want to go skiing
with Hayacchi, don't you?
Don't you?
Nah...
I'm sure she'd rather ski at her own pace.
I'd just end up slowing her down.
Sure, she's about the
best skier in our grade.
She's next level.
Next level!
Although...
That's not really the point, is it?
Later!
G'bye!
Nao-kun's on his way to
becoming a popular kid.
I'm not!
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
Beginner Course
I thought I didn't like this kind of thing.
Senpai!
Not bad, Senpai.
Especially coming from you.
Guess I'll try a little more.
I can't stop!
I'm sorry!
A-Are you all right?
Y-Yes.
Thank you for helping him.
O-Oh, it's fine.
Thank you so much.
Well, guess I'll ski some more.
I totally can!
Legit?!
Aw, shit!
H-He's headed straight for me!
Watch where you're going.
S-Sorry!
Thanks.
The way you were skiing
when you helped that kid...
That was pretty good, Senpai.
Y-You saw?
Man, I can recognize you
from way in the distance.
You're all wobbly, like a drunk driver.
So funny.
H-Hey...
Yeah? What's up?
I-I still can't ski well.
S-Since we're here...
Since we're here?
C-Could you...
Could I...
Teach me some more?
How to ski.
F-Fine, then.
I'd feel bad leaving you all alone.
Beginner Course
Senpai, you're looking down
at your feet too much.
You gotta keep your eyes forward.
Okay.
I keep staring down.
What do I do?
Just watch me for now.
That's it.
That's how you do it.
Senpai's gazing at me!
I'm not!
We only have the AM for skiing, huh?
That went by quick.
So, how'd it go?
Can Paisen ski a little now?
Hey, just watch him.
Watch what I can do with Senpai.
Nao-kun-sensei, teach me how to ski.
Your private instructor
taught you how, didn't she?
Huh?
N-Nah...
I'm not good enough to teach anyone.
Just teach us.
I-I guess I can teach you a bit.
It's like this, and...
LOLOLOLOL!
Art Room
Art School
Admission
Congratulations on getting accepted.
Of course you'd make it into
art school straight out of high school.
You're amazing.
This is but a single step.
Don't count your chickens, et cetera.
Uh-huh.
And it's your turn next.
Have you decided what you're
doing after graduation?
I still want to aim for art school, too.
Oh?
I-I-Is something wrong?
I never thought I'd hear such
a positive response from you.
I'm slightly surprised.
A-Are you?
Is it the cat-eared girl's influence?
I-It's not really...
It's been about a year since I met Nagatoro.
Senpai!
She messes with me every day.
I guess she might be influencing me a bit.
But what are Nagatoro's plans for the future?
What are her career goals?
I actually don't know anything.
Points of improvement for today.
Man, I never knew Nao-kun had a life.
I-It's nothing like that.
So, how far have you gone?
Those popular girls told me.
You're making her model in swimsuits
and making her wear leggings and stuff.
You're not wrong, but you're wrong!